His superiors had also preached this saying it was the way for eternal honor.
One even gave my little dog a biscuit.
I'll have a scoop of that exotic purple and turquoise sherbet.
It was not whatever tale was told by tales.
land-based radar would help with this task.
No, the man was not drunk. He wondered how he got tied up with this stranger.
The plaintiff in school desegregation cases.
No price is too high when true love is at stake.
The revolution now underway in materials handling makes this much easier.
She had your dark suit in greasy wash water all year.
Don't ask me to carry an oily rag like that.
Will you tell me why?
Call an ambulance for medical assistance.
Tornadoes often destroy acres of farmland.
destroy every file related to my audits.
Would you allow acts of violence?
The high security prison was surrounded by barbed wire.
his shoulder felt as if it were broken.
The fish began to leap frantically on the surface of the small lake.
Straw hats are out of fashion this year.
That diagram makes sense only after much study.
Those musicians harmonize marvelously.
Special task forces rescue hostages from kidnappers.
The tooth fairy forgot to come when Roger's tooth fell out.
Will Robin wear a yellow lily?
Their props were two stepladders, a chair, and a palm fan.
This is a problem that goes considerably beyond questions of salary and tenure.
The pulsing glow of a cigarette.
One looked down on a sea of leaves, a breaking wave of flower.
We will achieve a more vivid sense of what it is by realizing what it is not.
Todd placed top priority on getting his bike fixed.
The Eastern Coast is a place for pure pleasure and excitement.
Tim takes Sheila to see movies twice a week.
They used an aggressive policeman to flag thoughtless motorists.
When you are less fatigued, things just naturally look brighter.
By that time, perhaps something better can be done.
She found herself able to sing any role and any song which struck her fancy.
That noise problem grows more annoying each day.
Project development was proceeding too slowly.
The Oasis was a mirage.
Are your grades higher or lower than Nancy's?
serve the coleslaw after I add the oil.
By that one feels that magnetic forces are as general as electrical forces.
His artistic accomplishments guaranteed him entry into any social gathering.
He would not carry a briefcase.
Obviously, the bridal pair has many adjustments to make to their new situation.
Both the conditions and the complicity are documented in considerable detail.
Bridges, tunnels, and ferries are the most common methods of river crossings.
The best way to learn is to solve extra problems.
Thereupon followed a demonstration that tyranny knows no ideological confines.
Calcium makes bones and teeth strong.
Catastrophic economic cutbacks neglect the poor.
Allow leeway here, but rationalize all errors.
Greg buys fresh milk each weekday morning.
Our agricultural products are unevenly distributed.
The nearest synagogue may not be within walking distance.
As such, it was beyond politics and had no need of justification by a message.
He always seemed to have money in his pocket.
no return address whatsoever.
Keep your seats boys, I just want to put some finishing touches on this thing.
He ripped down the cellophane carefully and laid three dogs on the tinfoil.
Who authorized the unlimited expense account
Please take this dirty tablecloth to the cleaners for me.
The small boy put the worm on the hook.
Call an ambulance for medical assistance.
The carpet cleaner's shampooed our oriental rug.
The prospect of cutting back spending is an unpleasant one for any governor.
The diagnosis was discouraging, however, he was not overly worried.
We can die too. We can die like real people. People never live forever.
He didn't figure her at all. And if he found out a woman, it would be bad.
There would still be plenty of moments of regret and sadness and guilty relief.
She drank greedily and murmured, thank you, as she lowered her head.
There is no chance now of all of us getting away.
Before Thursday's exam, review every formula.
They enjoy it when I audition.
John cleans shellfish for a living.
He stole a dime from a beggar.
Jeff thought you argued in favor of a centrifuge purchase.
However, the litter remained, augmented by several dozen lunchroom suppers.
American newspaper reviewers like to call his place nihilistic.
But the ships are very slow now, and we don't get so many sailors anymore.
It is one of the rare public ventures, here on which nearly everyone is agreed.
No manufacturer has taken the initiative in pointing out the costs.
The patient and the surgeon are both recuperating from the lengthy operation.
He ate four extra eggs for breakfast.
While waiting for Chipper, she crisscrossed the square many times
I just saw Jim near the new archeological museum.
I took her word for it, but is she really going with you?
The viewpoint overlooked the ocean
I'd ride this subway, but I haven't enough change.
The clumsy customer spilled some expensive perfume.
Please dig my potatoes up before frost.
Grandmother outgrew her upbringing in petticoats
Salvation reconsidered
properly used, the present book is an excellent instrument of enlightenment.
lighted windows glowed jewel bright through the downpour
But this doesn't detract from its merit as an interesting, if not great film
He further proposed grants of an unspecified sum for experimental hospitals.
The cat's meow always hurts my ears.
Why else would Danny allow others to go
Why do we need bigger and better bombs
nuclear rockets can destroy airfields with ease.
You're so preoccupied that you've let your faith grow dim.
Cory and Trish played tag with beach balls for hours.
He will allow a rare lie. 
withdraw all funny accusations at once.
Right now may not be the best time for business mergers.
kindergarten children decorate their classrooms for all holidays. A few years later, the dome fell in.
But in this one section, we welcomed auditors.
A lot of people will roam the streets in costumes and masks and having a ball.
In many of his poems, death comes by train, a strongly evocative visual image.
then he would realize there were really things that only he himself could think.
Moment of truth is the moment of crisis.